Add the `set` operator for upserting fields (#4057)
tenzir/tenzir: web/docs/operators/set.md

---
sidebar_custom_props:
  operator:
    transformation: true
---

# set

Upserts fields in events.

## Synopsis

```
set <field=operand>...
```

## Description

> The `set` operator appends a specified list of fields to the input. If any of
> the fields already exist in the input event, they are replaced again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `set` operator sets a list of fields to the given values. It overwrites old
values of fields matching the `field` expression, or creates new fields of a
given name otherwise.
```
